the verse safer's emotion is so much
more than just a new product I mean this
will have a lasting impact on the way we
actually enjoy drinking juice with each
other in 2008 nobody knew what his slow
juicer was and in 2009 versa person
introduced the first vertical slow
juicer which was much easier to use than
any other slow juicer on the market for
2010 liver safer's emotion is the
biggest leap forward since people
started juicing at home we're
introducing a lineup of three models
each with two new safety features and
we're bringing an ultra durable strainer
with an improved fiber output flow we
call it the juice revolution it's going
to change the way you think about your
nutrition forever the very first time I
had a glass of juice from the Vespers I
was blown away the deep color of the
Jews the smooth texture with small
fibers they might use I could taste the
individual tones of cinnamon and vanilla
in a plain apple juice I can imagine a
growing tree and getting the best of its
fruits just right here in my glass now
that is what I call choose what makes it
even better it neatly separates the hard
fibers from the juice this means you can
keep juicing continuously without
stopping the pulp is also dry and
compact it rotates slowly so the juice
doesn't oxidize or lose its nutrients
you can keep the juice fresh for up to
48 hours in the fridge best of all it's
really quiet and
makes a low humming sound that makes it
very pleasurable to work with even
suitable to use for children under
supervision another thing we're really
excited about is the ultimate strainer
it's the strongest quality strainer ever
built into a slow juicer this strainer
is seven to ten times more durable than
a previous version and it's therefore
very suitable for carrots ginger or even
lemongrass bulb exit on this trainer as
an improved flow to allow for an easier
flow of strong fibers through the pulp
exit this means that operating the Versa
press can become even easier with
fibrous vegetables another thing that
adds to the higher yield on this juicer
is a two-step order at first crushes and
then finally squeezes your produce so it
really squeezes till the final drop out
of your produce on top of that we
improved to safety features on the
machine first a pin in the Jewish accent
that blocks the possibility of a finger
touching the inside of the machine also
important we put a silicon seal over the
on/off switch to prevent the possibility
of an electric shock when operating with
wet hands or accidentally spilling fluid
the fact that the auger is self feeding
makes this juicer so perfect it just
choose piece by piece without the need
to push down to pressure too much if
you're like me you love to make Jews
with different blends with lots of
different ingredients the combination of
different flavors makes you choose so
delicious that's why it's so great that
the versa pairs can take any fresh
ingredient from wheatgrass door ginger
to sytrus fruit from mint leaves to even
corn kernels and you know what it
even make element and they look from
soap balance
besides being very versatile the verse a
pers is also incredibly compact the
footprint of our newly introduced pearl
model has no handle and takes less space
in your kitchen than an a5 size leaflet
this makes it ideal for people that love
to make fresh juice every day it's the
best tool for your health you can have
on your kitchen counter top it's these
strong features that just make the versa
pers line on the look slow juicers most
wanted in the market all of it becomes
so relevant when you care for your
health of yourself and your loved ones
it's the fact that we've made it a
vertical juicer have a two-step Ultima
ger an easy flow strainer it really
preserves the vitamins enzymes and
nutrients at low speed with minimal
sound that's why we call it the juice
revolution it has already begun